7.0.2 (#139)
MetaMask/KeyringController: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [7.0.2]
### Fixed

> - `createNewVaultAndRestore` now accepts a seedphrase argument passed as an arrays of numbers ([#138](https://github.com/MetaMask/KeyringController/pull/138))

Reviewer: Nit: Slight re-wording, since it's only one array of numbers and the context was singular ("A seedphrase").

```suggestion
- `createNewVaultAndRestore` now accepts a seedphrase formatted as an array of numbers ([#138](https://github.com/MetaMask/KeyringController/pull/138))
```
